Added blog post kpng-specialized-proxiers (#29783)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2021-00-00-kpng-specialized-proxiers.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Use KPNG to write specialized kube-proxiers"
date: 2021-09-00
slug: use-kpng-to-write-specialized-kube-proxiers
---

Authors: Lars Ekman, Ericsson

> The post describes how you can create a specialized proxier using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The post shows you how anyone can create a specialized service kube-proxy style network proxier, using
```

Author: I leave out the "easily". Granted that the API stuff hadled by kpng is easy, but load-balancing is certainly not :smile:

> Kubernetes Proxy NG (kpng) without interfering with the existing

Reviewer 2: link here https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kpng???

Author: I am a bit unsure if links are allowed in the initial paragraph. No other blogs seem to have them.
@sftim Is it allowed?

kube-proxy. The kpng project aims at renewing the Kubernetes internal

> load-balancer, the "kube-proxy". An important feature of kpng is that

Reviewer 2: "internal load-balancer" can lead to confusions with the Service with Type LoadBalancer,  it is more like "the default Kubernetes Services implementation" or something like that.

Author: Good point. I'll update that

---
layout: blog
title: "Use KPNG to write specialized kube-proxiers"

> date: 2021-09-00

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
date: 2021-10-18
```
Suggest publication date after KubeCon NA
